---Password Generator:
Password security relies heavily on the length and composition of the password itself.
Computer hackers commonly employ a strategy of using a computer program to randomly 'guess' every combination of possible passwords until a secure file is broken into.
To mitigate the risk of 'brute-force' password attacks, developers commonly use passwords containing rarely used keys, such as the asterisk (*)

Within this application, the password generator can automatically create passwords which are hard for hackers to guess.
There are four password generation settings:
	Alphabetical
	Alphanumerical + Symbols
	All letters across all languages
	All possible keys, including keys not accessible by normal keyboards
Passwords can be generated with a fixed length, and can have a 'header'. For example, say you want winter at the start of a eight digit password, the password generator can generate a password like winter!@#.

---Password Manager:
The password manager is a tool made to help users navigate all their passwords for all their accounts
Passwords for the password manager can be imported directly from the password generator for future accounts
Passwords can be added, removed, and copies from the password manager
The password manager itself has its own password, which can function as a master password for all your other passwords
The passwords themselves are stored in a AES encrypted file, which is very hard to crack

--Encryption Tools:
There are two separate encryption keys available: symmetric key and asymmetric key

Symmetric key encryption is a method of encryption where a password is used to reformat the data within a file to make it unrecognizable.
A hacker would find it very hard to reformat the data into a recognizable form without knowing the password.
Symmetric key encryption is very good for storing safe copies of personal files on a personal device.
However, it is bad if the password ever needs to be shared with someone else, as this posses a vulnerability to attackers.

Asymmetric key encryption is an alternative method of encryption designed for people who need to share encrypted files with each other
With this method, two files are made. The first is a public key, and the second is a private key.
The public key can be used by someone else with the application to encrypt a secret message, and the private key can be used to decrypt it.
Using a public/private key pair, its possible to establish a secure line of communication wherein anyone with a copy of the public key can produce a secret message only someone with the private key can read.
However, a vulnerability with this approach is that the private key must be kept safe from others. If an attacker gets a copy of the private key, it is easy for them to read all secret messages made with the public keys.

--Encrypted folder

The encrypted folder makes use of symmetric key encryption to create a 'data vault'
This vault contains copies of all your personal files in a scrambled format
An attacker would fine it extremely difficult to unscramble the information inside this folder without the password, making it safe.

--maintainability and backups

This application has google drive integration
This lets us create backups of all your encrypted data on to a google drive so that if your phone is ever lost, your data can be recovered
The data stored in the google drive is safe to, because its encrypted no one can read the files without knowing the password to unlock them

The google drive functionality allows for sensitive data to be added to, read from, and deleted from the google drive

--bitcoin wallet

This feature makes use of the symmetric key encryption tools
bitcoins can be send safely from other people with the use of a public key
the phones local private key can decrypt these bitcoins and store them safely within the symmetrically encrypted bitcoin wallet
this allows for the safe transfer of bitcoins over the internet and into the phone without any steps being vulnerable to hackers

Also, users can view their bitcoin ledger from the safety of the application. Users can read their bitcoin balance without risking any compromise from attackers.